[Music]
want more horsepower in your head well
then here are nine riddles and brain
teasers that'll boost your brainpower
scientists have proven that riddles help
you boost your thinking abilities and
improve your attention span are you
ready to solve some puzzles that flex
your brain muscles number one we'll
start with a warm-up I'll give you ten
seconds to tell which glass has more
water in it
hmm they all look identically full to me
could it be that easy
ah the correct answer is glass be the
scissors paper clip eraser and watch are
in there for a reason
compared to the other objects the paper
clip takes up the least amount of space
if you take all the things out of the
glasses you'll see that glass B has more
water number 2 now that's what I call a
feast can you find all these things in
the picture I feel like 10 seconds won't
be enough here so I'll be generous and
give you 20 seconds instead
did you manage to find them all
here's proof they really were there
those peas were pretty hard to find
don't you think
[Music]
number three what figure should replace
the question mark you've got ten seconds
to figure it out
[Music]
so did you manage to see the hidden
pattern in these weird shapes they are
all numbers with their mirrored
reflections to the left so the right
answer here is a six and it's backwards
twin number four can you find a totally
symmetrical cross in this picture you
have ten seconds to read between the
lines
[Music]
oh there you go the cross was right
there hidden among these lines number
five try not to get hypnotized by this
next riddle one of the spirals here
consists of two separate parts can you
tell which one you know the drill
ten seconds on the clock
[Music]
the spiral on the right even though it
looks pretty much identical to the left
one actually consists of two separate
parts number six a perfect four point
star like the one right here is hidden
among these squares and triangles can
you find it
your time startsnow that was a tricky
one wasn't it the star was right down
there all along hit the thumbs up if you
managed to find it you must have a
really sharp eye Oh
maybe too sharp you get to get me a
band-aid
[Music]
number seven this picture might just
look like a teenage girls messy arts and
crafts project but if you look closely
you'll find four pairs of hearts
intertwined in each other can you find
them I'll give you ten seconds for this
party task
[Music]
some hearts are forever bound together
that's definitely the case in this
picture there they are nothing can tear
them apart
number eight time for a little road trip
can you tell which way the bus is moving
[Music]
so if you were trying to find the driver
or carefully examine the passengers nice
try but it's way simpler than that bus
doors are always on the right side since
you can't see the doors in this picture
the bus must be moving to the left
number nine
how about we finish this brain workout
with some tea teapot a can hold 32 cups
of tea how many cups can tea pot be
contain take some time to think about it
there you go
[Music]
well guess what I'm not gonna give you
the answer to this one instead I invite
you all to share your ideas in the
comments good luck
[Music]
hey if you had a good time solving all
these mind-bending riddles give the
video a like if it gets 50,000 likes
we'll share more riddles for you to
crack challenge all your friends by
sending them this video if you're new to
our channel make sure to subscribe so
you won't miss any of our future updates
stay with us on the bright side of life